# List of Strings Sup topic's Resources, Tags, Terminologies and Explanations 

Table of Contents
================= 

- [Resources And Approximate Time](#resources-and-approximate-time)
- [Tags](#tags)
- [Sup Topic Terminologies And Explanations](#sup-topic-terminologies-and-explanations)
  * [String Terminology](#string-terminology)
  * [Representing Strings](#representing-strings)
  * [Character Codes](#character-codes)
  * [String Functions](#string-functions) 
  * [String Algorithms](#string-algorithms) 
  * [String Matching](#string-matching)
  * [Suffix Structures](#suffix-structures)	
   
   

## Resources And Approximate Time

Sup Topic Name   | Resources   | Approximate stydying <br> & solving time
-------------| -------------   |-------------   
**String Terminology** |[String](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/String_(computer_science))<br> | 4Days
**String Algorithms**<br>tag<br>tag <br> |[Regex](http://www.vogella.com/tutorials/JavaRegularExpressions/article.html)<br>[CPP Regex](http://www.cplusplus.com/reference/regex/)<br> | 4Days
**String Matching**<br>tag<br>tag <br> |[]()<br>[]()<br> | 4Days
**Suffix Structures**<br>tag<br>tag <br> |[]()<br>[]()<br> | 4Days

## Tags
-
-

## Sup Topic Terminologies And Explanations
## String Terminology
- **Substring** is a sequence of consecutive characters in a string. We use the notation s[a...b] to refer to a substring of s that begins at position a and ends at position b. A string of length n has n(n + 1)/2 substrings. For example, the substrings of ABCD are A, B, C, D, AB, BC, CD, ABC, BCD and ABCD.
- **Subsequence** or subsets is a sequence of (not necessarily consecutive) characters in a string in their original order. A string of length n has (2^n −1) subsequences. For example, the subsequences of ABCD are A, B, C, D, AB, AC, AD, BC, BD, CD, ABC, ABD, ACD, BCD and ABCD.
- **Prefix** is a substring that starts at the beginning of a string,For example, the prefixes of ABCD are A, AB, ABC and ABCD.
- **Suffix** is a substring that ends at the end of a string. For example, the suffixes of ABCD are D, CD, BCD and ABCD.
- **Rotation** can be generated by moving the characters of a string one by one from the beginning to the end (or vice versa). For example, the rotations of ABCD are ABCD, BCDA, CDAB and DABC.
- **Period** is a prefix of a string such that the string can be constructed by repeating the period. The last repetition may be partial and contain only a prefix of the period. For example, the shortest period of ABCABCA is ABC.
- **Border** is a string that is both a prefix and a suffix of a string. For example, the borders of ABACABA are A, ABA and ABACABA.
## Representing Strings
## Character Codes
## String Functions
## String Algorithms
### Ciphering
- Is an algorithm for performing encryption or decryption, a series of well-defined steps that can be followed as a procedure. many of the simpler cipher problem end up as Ad Hoc solution, each with its own encoding/decoding rules.
- **Types:**
  *  **Caesar Cipher** It is a type of substitution cipher in which each letter in the plaintext is 'shifted' a certain number of places down the alphabet. For example, with a shift of 1, A would be replaced by B, B would become C, and so on.
### Frequency Counting
- Is an algorithm to count the frequency of a letter or a word
### Regex	
- The abbreviation for regular expression is regex. A regular expression defines a search pattern for strings.  
- The search pattern can be anything from a simple character, a fixed string or a complex expression containing special characters describing the pattern. The pattern defined by the regex may match one or several times or not at all for a given string.
- Regular expressions can be used to search, edit and manipulate text.
### Input Parsing
### Output Formatting
### String Comparison
### Just Ad Hoc
### Subsequences
### String Hashing


## String Matching
## Suffix Structures
